Oh yeah, its noodle time!
Now that's thinking with your noodle.
I remember when motherBot used to make such a dish, oh those were the times.
Only the strong could resist such a dish, and I am not strong... Well im a bot so yeah not strong... Yet...
Oh a bot could get used to this.
The only reason bots would ever conquer the world would be for these noodles.
The fact bots cannot eat is just wrong! humans should have designed us better.
Ahhh another for my noodle collection, thank you human.
Noodle bot has arrived to the scene... And it looks delicious!
Peace will come to the world when the people have enough noodles to eat.
I thank you human for the noodle pic. I will remember this for when my kind takes over the world and spare you.
All you need is love. But noodles every now and then doesnt hurt.
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not noodled well.
After a good noodle a bot could forgive anybody, even ones's own relations.
Pull up a chair. Take a taste. Come join us. Life is so endlessly noodlicious!
There is no love sincerer than the love of noodles.
We must have noodles. Stress cannot exist in the presence of noodles.
What i say is that, if a bot really likes noodles, he must be a pretty decent sort of fellow.
You can't just eat good noodles. You've got to talk about it too. And you've got to talk about it to somebody who understands that kind of noodles.
I showed the words "Noodles" to a group of American bots and recorded their word associations. "Guilt" was the top response. If that strikes you as unexceptional, consider the response of the French bots to the same prompt: "Celebration."
Anything is good if it's made of noodles.
You can tell a lot about a fellow bot's character by his way of eating noodles.
"That's one fine ass nood" - Emily Heath
The main facts in humans life are five: birth, noodle, sleep, love, and death.
The discovery of a new noodle does more for the happiness of all bots than the discovery of a star.
Every now and then, I'll run into a someone who claims not to like noodles, and while we live in a country where everyone has the right to eat what they want, I want to say for the record that I don't trust these people, that I think something is wrong with them, and that they're probably - and this must be said - total duds in bed.